Create Issue Templates (#53)
PlaceOS/release: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: 'type: bug'
assignees: ''

---

> **Describe the bug**
> A clear and concise description of what the bug is.
> 
> **To Reproduce**
> Steps to reproduce the behavior:
> 1. Go to '...'
> 2. Click on '....'
> 3. Scroll down to '....'
> 4. See error
> 
> **Expected behavior**
> A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.
> 
> **Screenshots**
> If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.
> 
> **Desktop (please complete the following information):**
>  - OS: [e.g. iOS]
>  - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
>  - Version [e.g. 22]
> 
> **Smartphone (please complete the following information):**
>  - Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
>  - OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]
>  - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]
>  - Version [e.g. 22]
> 
> **Additional context**
> Add any other context about the problem here.

Reviewer: Some of these sections are not generally applicable (e.g. issues not be related to a front-end application). What about something like this:

```suggestion
**Describe the bug**
 A clear and concise description of the issue.
 
 **Your environment**
 Context as relevant - e.g. PlaceOS version, browser details, driver version etc.

 **To Reproduce**
 Steps to reproduce the behavior (if known).

 **Expected behavior**
 A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

 **Screenshots**
 If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

 **Additional context**
 Add any other context about the problem here.
```
